PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated 28th September 2022
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by BizConnect (“we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use the websites, mobile sites, and other online services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Sites”).
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Sites to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we may collect information when you fill out a form, send us an email, use our services, sign up to receive updates, request information, share a story, submit content, communicate with us via third-party social media sites, or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we collect may include your name, contact information (e.g., email, phone number, and address), payment information, and other contact or identifying information about yourself or others that you choose to provide or authorize to collect. You are responsible for providing a copy of this Privacy Policy to anyone whose contact or identifying information that you share with us.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Sites
When you access or use our Sites, we automatically collect information about you, including:
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child under the age of 18 has provided us with
bizconnecttalent@gmail.com
information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
In particular, the BizConnect app obtains the information you provide when you download and register the app. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may
not be able to use some of the features offered by the app unless you register with us.
• Log Information: We log information about your use of the Sites, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Site.
• Device Information: We may collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Site, including the hardware model, operating system and version, device identifiers and mobile network information. We also collect information from your device that you authorize us to collect, such as your contacts for purposes of providing you functionality that allows you to share messages with your contacts. Please consult your device settings for choices you may have to limit our access to this information.
• Transactional Information: If you make a payment, we may collect information about the transaction, such as amount, and date and location of the transaction.
• Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include placing on your computer or mobile device cookies that uniquely identify your browser or device. Cookies are small data files used to store information on your device, including to help us to improve our Sites and your experience, see which areas and features of our Sites are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels” or “clear GIFs”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Sites or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
•
Use of Information
We may use personal information about you for various purposes, including to:
• Provide, maintain and improve our Sites and send you confirmations, receipts, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
• Provide and deliver the information you request or various features or functionalities, process transactions, and send you related information, including confirmations;
• Respond to your emails, submissions, comments, questions, and requests, provide customer service, ask you to respond to a survey, request feedback, and otherwise contact you about your use of the Sites;
• Send you newsletters and otherwise provide you with information or services you request or that we think will be of interest to you, such as sending you information to keep you informed about the various issues, events, activities, and opportunities (please see “Your Choices” below for information about how to opt out of certain communications at any time);
• Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Sites;

• Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of BizConnect and others;
•
• Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
BizConnect is based in the Federal Republic of Nigeria and the information we collect is governed by Nigerian law. By accessing or using the Sites or otherwise providing information to us.
Links to Third-Party Sites
The Sites may make third-party information and other content available on or through the Sites (“Third-Party Content”). Our Sites also may link or otherwise provide access to third-party websites and other products and services outside our control (collectively, “Third Party Products and Services”).
These Third-Party Products and Services may include, for example, events registration and management, payment functionality, and other features, functionalities, and services powered by third parties. These Third-Party Products and Services and Third-Party Content are not under the control of BizConnect and we are not responsible for the security or privacy of any personal information you share with them. You should exercise caution and review the applicable privacy policies of any Third-Party Product and Service, including those you use in connection with the Sites, before providing them with your personal information.
Social Sharing Features
The Sites may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Sites with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
 When you visit the mobile application, we may use GPS technology (or other
 similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map with relevant advertisements. If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application; and

Your Choices
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third-party flash cookies that may be used in connection with our Sites. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Site.
Security
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result, although we strive to protect the information we maintain, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us.
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorised employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our app. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information
we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us bizconnecttalent@gmail.com
